So far, we have only been requesting the server to send data to us using the GET method.
However, sometimes you might want the user to type in
some data or upload a picture and send that to the server.
This is where the POST method comes into play that we mentioned earlier.
With a POST request,
the request itself can also have a payload
or body something we have already seen in responses,
but not in requests.
What exactly happens to the data once it has been sent to
the server is up to the backend developer and is not in the scope of this course.
It is, however, important to know that POST requests are potentially
handled differently by proxies and the browser than GET requests.
Have you ever seen one of these?
This is what happens when the page you're currently looking
at was the result of a POST request.
If you try to reload such a website,
the browser will prompt you to confirm
this reload action as POST requests are allowed to be
destructive operations and repeating it
might be more destructive than you originally intended.
That's why it is usually recommended for the backend developer to not respond to
a POST request with a website but with a redirect to avoid this rather jarring behavior.
For the user, this redirect is practically invisible but avoids the prompt on reload.